AUTHOR: CHRISTIANA TEMIOLA
TITLE: LAB 6:PRODUCER-CONSUMER
FILENAME: README.txt
DATE: 22ND NOVEMBER 2019

PROJECT LICENCE:
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt


DESCRIPTION:
This file explains what this project(lab) is all about. The aim of this project is to create a program that has two parts; A producer and a consumer.

The producer generates random characters from ‘a’ to ‘z’ at random
intervals (between 0 and 1 second in length). It adds these to a thread
safe buffer that has a finite holding capacity of N characters. It generates
a preset number of characters (determined at runtime) and when it has
finished it add an ‘X’ character to the buffer and exits.

The consumer takes these letters from the buffer at random time
intervals (between 0 and 1 second in length) and records how many of each
letter it consumes. Once it sees an ‘X’ in the buffer it adds its character
count to a central buffer and exits.


This project uses the following files in order to achieve the aim stated above:

1. Semaphore.h: This is the header file for the Semaphore class.

2. Semaphore.cpp: This is the implementation file for the Semaphore class.

3. SafeBuffer.cpp: This is the implementation file for the SafeBuffer class.

4. SafeBuffer.h: This is the header file for the SafeBuffer class. 

5. main.cpp: The main function file. It must create at least two threads to demo             nstrate producer-consumer in action.

6. Makefile: This is the project file which contains rules that tell the system              how to compile the code and produce a working executable called pro             dCon.

7. Doxyfile: This file contains the settings for the Doxygen tool. It is generat             ed by the Doxygen program when run for the first time.

8. README: This is a text file which describes the project.


a) To compile the code: At the terminal, run the command below:
     make and press the enter key.
 
b) To execute it, run the command below:
     ./main and press the enter key.

c) To generate documentation, run the command below :
     doxygen and press the enter key.


